you can't man in space by yourself and
no one in this village will help you you
don't really look old enough or strong
enough you look old but she don't look
strong
thank you so much for coming but the
fact is many of us are not at all
convinced by sudden transformation of
the old house into a shop it should be a
local art center you do understand don't
you dear madam
no one has plucked up courage enough to
sell books in this forsaken coin of the
world my best customer he's so jealously
guards his privacy
after the tragic death of his beloved
wife Lolita
this book is already famous everybody's
heard of it
you're very lost your head over this one
the current state of your window display
is attracting undesirable attention
which is a very powerful woman she wants
to get rid of you and she won't stop
things have taken quite a dip in your
business of late haven't there there's a
possible buyer for your shop the shop is
not the same let me tell you what I
value most about human beings courage I
would very much like to have met you at
another time in my life but I'm going to
do what is in my power to help you
it's imagine yeah then the bookshop with
you
where there's life there's hope the
horrifying sauce
you'd have to succeed if you give
everything you have well I've only done
what I said was that you make me believe
once more in things I thought forgotten
[Music]